Hello, how's it going everybody?
It's June 4th, 2018, Harmontown is in a new venue at the beautiful
dynasty typewriter at the Hayworth Theater.
Right here in MacArthur Park and the prestigious prostitution districts.
I'm very, very proud to be back and I'm more proud to say out loud to all y'all
Harmontown is now in session.
Yeah, this place is groovy.
Speaking of groovy, let's bring out the Game Master, Spencer Crittenden.
And just to keep things consistent, how about a mayor up in this piece?
Let's welcome your mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
South, in the east of the west, under breast.
Wrapping is pretty easy, just like George LePuisie.
You just rhyme certain words that tend to come up
like little turds.
The same words arrive.
When you're rapping live, you get some energy from the crowd.
Then you rap.
Don't be loud!
Good. Thank you for setting me up for that.
There's a lower bar for what's funny now.
Thank God we were eight months in a dark cave.
I didn't cut my hair or shave.
I was a lonely, sad, curmudgeonly kknave.
I rapped a lot about sadness.
Now I'm back and talking about madness.
I'm here, a dynasty type writer rapping about peace.
All right, let's...
Hello, Los Angeles.
I can't make eye contact with you yet.
You notice I haven't made eye contact with you?
This feels right.
This feels like an old timey vaudeville house
meets movie theater, meets...
Like, it's sexy in here.
It smells like popcorn.
That's me. That's me.
And I spent so long picking this shirt,
and then it was like, oh, did the shirt go with the pant?
And then there was pizza backstage,
and there's just grease.
Just spots all over.
Is this your way of subtly pointing out
that you've lost quite a bit of weight, Dan, huh?
I...
Yeah, pizza stains is my way of...
Yeah, well, I mean, that's about it.
I can't really...
There's nothing to talk about.
Let's see.
I guess, I mean, here's a segment.
A new segment. It's called...
Oh, yeah, our new promise here at the new theater, segments.
We're gonna bring the segments.
Our research shows people like segments.
You're gonna be tired of segments before the show is over.
Yeah.
I watched the human centipede trilogy.
I know, people love segments.
Uh...
They're gonna sew his ass to mouth!
Oh!
Uh...
This segment is called...
Who Are You Kidding?
With Dan Harmon.
This segment's about...
Who Are You Kidding?
Do you think you're kidding someone
when you say these things?
There's two things.
They belong in the same category.
Who Are You Kidding?
Wait, not to take away from how good that intro song was.
You couldn't see it.
But Brandon Johnson just ran from backstage
up through the house with a piece of pizza in his hands.
Like one of the boogins in a quiet place.
He just fucking...
He heard somebody yelling outside and eating a baby.
What did he... Why?
He couldn't go around?
There is... There's no around to go.
Okay.
Yeah.
People think that Brandon is like...
We call him in when you're out of town.
But Brandon's always with us.
He haunts us like a little pizza ghost.
He's a pizza thief.
Where were we?
This is called... Who Are You Kidding?
Who Are You Kidding?
Okay, so... Okay.
I run the risk of... Please appreciate my candor.
I run the risk of offending a lot of close friends, really.
When I say this.
But you know that anybody who is actively working
in the television or movie industry as a writer,
we know that you don't really actually want to pick our brain.
You want us to read your shitty script.
Like you... You want us to...
You want some... It's not...
You pick your brain like when you say...
I just want to pick your brain.
That's not true.
That's not what you want to do.
Because that sounds fun.
Like it sounds like you want to actually like...
Oh, I want to hear all about what you have to say.
But that's not really... It never works out that way.
When you say pick your brain, you mean...
I need something from you.
I want something from you.
I want a favor from you.
That's a lunch that no one's going to show up for.
Who Are You Kidding?
Dan, can I pick your brain for a second?
I have some dry cleaning.
I need to pick that.
I just want to pick your brain.
And it's always like you go,
oh, what did you want to pick my brain about?
Well, boy, I'm in a real pickle.
Because I wrote this screenplay.
And I want to give it to Roseanne.
But I also want to...
It's like, no, what do you mean?
Like, you just...
Now is the perfect time.
Yeah.
I don't know why she's in my iCloud.
Well, there is...
She's in everyone's iCloud.
Oh, right, Dan, I can get you, Roseanne.
She's working at competitive rates right now.
I really got to walk back.
I don't know if I've done it on this podcast,
but I got to walk back like 20 years
of basically going to bat for Roseanne.
And here's why.
Because like, I don't...
I mean, there was a time when all she was
was she was just branded crazy lady with power.
And like, I'm super woke and was back then.
And I had a girlfriend at the time
that was like a media studies like, you know,
the analyst thingamabob.
And she, you know, I was having trouble with a community
and I would come home and like, Sony doesn't get me
and NBC and all these Ivy League guys
and all the stuff and she's like, you know,
Roseanne went through what you're going through.
And I kind of gobbled it up.
And it was like, oh, really?
I thought Roseanne was a crazy lady.
And she's like, well, what do you think women
with power are called?
They're called crazy ladies by the like old boys network.
And so I always, you know, that was like 15,
that was a million years ago.
That was eight years ago.
But like that whole time I've always been like,
and then I heard they were rebooting the show.
And I'm like, I saw like the people being like,
oh, we shouldn't do this stuff.
And I gotta say, it was like, you know,
to the extent that we have to like be accountable
to our tweets, like our tweets mean anything.
But I did weigh in on the side of like, hey, come on,
let's not overreact the, what if it's like all the family?
Like, isn't that gonna be therapeutic and wonderful?
And I had friends, anyways, turns out she's a crazy lady.
So, so, so, oh.
Rob Schrab, you know how the,
I thought my, I thought my observation like came
into the station and like, I was so proud of myself.
Turns out she's a crazy lady.
And I was like, whoo!
Rob Schrab for our listeners has a vacuum.
What?
He's holding an ineffectual microphone to it.
You know, you know, a showtime with the Apollo
has a Sandman, he comes out with a broom.
This is like the white privilege version of that.
Well, come on out, come on out.
Rob Schrab, everybody!
Who you kidding?
I was hoping that was gonna be a lot more disruptive.
Seeing as modern vacuum cleaners,
a little quieter, a little subtler.
It's on hiss mode.
All right, there's one more.
Put it on loud comedy entrance mode.
There's one more part to my segment, I don't know.
I don't know.
All right, well, okay.
Dan, you want to take it back to who you kidding?
All right, we're back to who you kidding?
You got one more, right?
I got another one, yeah.
You got a new one?
Okay, back to who you kidding?
Who you kidding?
These are things that make me say who you kidding?
Ah!
Is that good enough?
What?
Where does that outrage come from?
I don't even know...
I'm still feeling so much shit on my head.
He's mad and he had the vacuum set on quiet mode and he's making up for it.
This guy is a watchdog group for negative one.
negative one scoot down stage yeah I'm not hearing I'm not hearing myself get
up to the edge of that curb there you go right up there yeah all right look I
gotta get this out I am segment OCD let me just wrap up the segments hello Dan
hi I haven't seen you in a while Dan's been busy thinking of segments
it's only segment I mean after this the show is in a fucking dry ditch I hope
you get some moisture for us then oh yeah it's all fine and well I'm about to
go into shadow lock and you better bring your Saturn 3 I'm gonna I'm gonna
kytel your dreamers blue dreamers okay kids just rented it's called Saturn 3
your body is very beautiful by the way if you drove her tonight your car is gone
Spencer that's the Harmontown guarantee hey hey Spencer are you sinking into
the ground since the last show no Rob I'm just short is your table
unfeasibly high or your chair is strangely low no you know I've been
losing weight it turns out you can lose weight in more than one direction yes
you take out three vertebrae it's like seven pounds no it's amazing there's a
lot of life hacks that I've learned do you know how much a kidney weighs 20
pounds wow yeah what I know I lost 40 pounds Spencer almost got beat up on
I just let me put a ribbon on this I don't I don't even believe in the
segment that much I did that's the thing is that it's not my fault that it's
gonna be overloaded and then fall flat like this is good this is good
people like this who you kidding when you say these things you kidding do you
really think you're fooling people who you kidding with Dan Harmon who you
kidding with Dan Harmon all right so I just want to say has anybody in the
history of the entire species across the whole planet has anybody ever ever
achieved when being told to calm down calmness
is anybody ever heard been told to calm down and had as a result calmness come
over them it's never ever happened right and I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna wager
this and I'm not gonna get hyperbolic I'm gonna cut it back to 90% I'm gonna
say 90% of the people who say calm down are in a bit of an agitated state but
I'm allowing for 10% of like crazy circumstances where there's like a
paramedic who's genuinely trying to be helpful like calm down like like you're
dying like or your mom is like like like like like what do I do mom like I got
I got bit by a shark and I think if like if you're like a you're training to be a
fighter pilot and you're like one of those big simulators and you start like
oh you're crashing the things are happening and the guy that's in the
bush and the instructor says okay calm down calm down like this is advice yeah
like like like take a chill the most irritating context of it all is that
because they listen to a lot of true crime shows it's just like fucking 911
operators like you calm down oh my god my baby's been stabbed with a demon knife
ma'am calm down like like what are you talking about like it's just it's so
crazy like they keep saying calm down and the crazy the thing that drives me
nuts about it is if you listen to any amount of true crime we all know what
happens if you are calm when you call 911 you get thrown in prison for 20
years because they can't get past your fucking weird tone and the 911 cop
oh it doesn't sound like his wife got stabbed to me like yeah I'm fucking calm
I'm so terrified of somebody I love getting killed I'm gonna call 911 it's
gonna be like you know like when I leave a store like I if I don't buy
anything like I act like a shoplifter because I'm like so anyways take it easy
like like because I just feel like well you should have bought something but I
didn't so I guess I look like I'm stealing something so I'll just lean up
against the door and stretch and then like you know like I don't want them to
think I'm bolting and then I look like I'm stealing something I'm someone if you
get stabbed I'm not you know and then if I call up 911 dispatch and I say that
there was a demon knife involved and the person on the other end of the line's
first question isn't about demon nights then fuck them yeah man calm down calm
down demon knife I like like Spencer what is the what's critical on a demon
night 17 to 20 you're saying you saying on a big it'd be there should be there's
got to be a better way I think what he's saying is people who say calm down
who are you kidding
who are you kidding who are you kidding oh who are you kidding
do you have do you have another one there no no that's a two that's the segment
but not long enough for you no I mean you were looking at your phone and you
kind of you kind of phone today I got other stuff on my phone but it's like
garbage I but you know I so glad these comfortable chairs made it all the way
from Starburns castle to downtown Los Angeles these fucking awful pieces of
shit chairs they fit right over your head though very comfortably and they come
right off fucking hate it there's a chair over by the piano does this chair
is we've got some weird at Robert the piano we've got some weird Edwardian
furniture over here from back when the the Hayworth theater was built in the
1790s wait we got Rob we got many come trollard status
are you now are you narrating for the you're describing I'm trying yeah well
the president's wife is missing I knew there was three there had to be a
third she keeps issuing communicates it's like it's like David miscavages wife
isn't it it's like that Scientology thing oh yeah yeah like like like where's
that lady but I cut and pasted these paragraphs from I guess we missed
having an audience I guess I mean we spent four years at a comic book
back room then went like to a weird warehouse but now we're in a proper
theater and now we've found out the showman that Rob really is I've been
hiding it pretty good Spencer Spencer is being diminished by his table
hey Robin Dan Robin I came up with a segment before the show I said it that
cabinet back there that's called the Rob's cabinet of Horace
yeah why did a guy leave a comment on my Instagram today I looked at her and
that there's one guy on my Instagram and said hey are you gonna address last
week's show I think you better go to the subreddit oh damn he went there holy
shit what is it to what first of all it happened to prove him wrong did not have
to go to the subreddit feel fine but what what did he mean what did you well
you gotta go to subreddit if you don't gotta be a way around this there can't
be things that are only discussable what you're doing right now is what they
call refusal of the call this is this is a call to adventure that you are
choosing to refuse right now I'm not going on the subreddit I don't care how
cryptic you are hey Bitcoin rewards on the subreddit I'm not falling for it
anyways I don't know this isn't worth not worth it there's a segment called it's
not worth it
it's not worth it
just something I pasted into my phone it's not worth it
it's just a waste of time cover your ears if you like entertainment
I just want to I just saw this paragraph I'm subscribed for some reason to this
CNN newsletter and Brian Brian Steltler Steltler he kind of does this little
newsletter at the end of the day and he's talking about the our missing first
lady and but he kind of interrupted himself because his little headline it's
like in this newsletter thing okay this story is a talker let me fend off some
of the criticism I've already seen on social media
stop you there what are you doing what he's talking a word that I don't know
what that means it's in quotes I think he's gonna I think he's gonna define
talker he's gonna say what people are talking about it or he's saying this is
one I talk and you don't get the story is a talker let me fend off so it's like
hey I'm CNN you should be paying attention to me because I am the news
anyways first lady's missing hey all right before I continue with this let me
just explain this isn't the kind of news you get to complain about this is a
talker talker is a let me fend off some of the criticism I've already seen on
social media no this is probably not the most important story involving the
trumps right now but it's a talker in a way that policy debates and ethics
scandals and abuse of power allegations are typically not people are genuinely
curious about this and concerned about her
what what are you doing I mean wait that's that's more news that paragraph
CNN is more newsworthy than does anybody in the audience know that term a talker
and what that actually means I think he's just in die he's indoctrinating us he's
saying shut the fuck up and let me like it's a talker no the context is like it's
a talker talking about it's like a squeaker yeah but nobody but he said
the other things weren't talkers and those are things that people are also
talking about more than his yeah that was a stupid thing to have said and he
said it right but then then there's a second paragraph it goes at the same
time as I said on Sunday's reliable sources I think there's a risk of some
liberals falling into a conspiracy theory trap here by assuming the worst about
what's going on we need less speculating more reporting right like no like less
headlines saying that the first lady's missing maybe yeah this is no time for
abuse of relationship is this why don't you just just give me a script about how dumb I am and I'll read the
I'm dumb like a sorry CNN like I feel like I owe this news and apology now what
did you just do what you think is news and I'll watch you or not is this story
about how we're paying attention to Melania missing wrong yeah it's not we're
not doing it the perfect way but but but also don't jump down my throat for
bringing it to you because this fucker's a talker because he is doing it the
perfect way and you need to just you need to just listen it's a talker you
need to take this shit to your water cooler but when you do don't flip the
fuck out you libtards don't start don't start going on crazy and we're in tin
foil hats about it we're just gonna talk about it it's time to talker it's a talker I just I just I'm
overwhelmed exhausted with like I there's so much conversation because it comes up
to me more as a think piece this isn't a thinker it's not a thinker not a thinker
this is definitely that's what it is a talker you don't got to think about it
you just got to talk and talk and talk and talk I feel like I in this time of
like more information per second being more overwhelming and stuff like I
where I feel like there's an increasing amount of bandwidth being spent on us
talking to each other about how we should be perceiving right which is even
extra insane because the it's like it's like it's like well the objective
information would be the cure to all this like we could eat it's right within
our grasp it could be like oh let's just be objective because we're getting a
little too subjective but we don't want to do that so we're just like doubling
down on the subjectivity and we keep going like all right now don't start
perceiving this the wrong way and don't normalize this right tell me what to
normalize you're you're normal you're the TV telling me not to normalize this is
crazy yeah it's I don't know if tone policing is the right word but it's
definitely like the media being all like here's how you should think and it
shouldn't be critically of me yeah and it's like well that's what everyone bad
does yeah tone policing did we coin it well I don't I mean tone policing is
its own thing it's probably like a Venn diagram so I don't know it might be
wrong to label it but it sounds like you're here to talk about that let's
bring out Don Lemon everybody Don Lemon
I thought I thought you had talked to Brandon about doing an impression. Oh just now.
Tim. What? Racist. Oh. Busted. Finally.
Taking us 30 years we fucking finally did it. If I if I said let's bring out
Anderson Cooper you would have said oh I thought Brandon you had worked up a bit.
All right you got me. You got me. You got me. You caught me seeing. Let's bring out
Brandon Johnson. Brandon Johnson.
Yo. Yo. Yo. Where'd he go? Oh no. He left. He just fled back into the night like the
Phantom. I think he needs a longer running start. Brandon are you gonna
hunt this theater like like the Phantom of the Opera? Brandon I think he he really
meant it he wants you to come up here. Brandon get up here. He had his chance. He was on
stage and he ran right back up.
Oh. Oh. Thank you to me.
Brandon also did stage work. Right. Right. Right. This is what I'm talking about.
What I'm talking about. Showmanship. It's been amazing so far. Make some noise.
Chicken wire motherfucker. Oh yeah. God damn it. Those chairs suck right. Yeah. Those chairs make your
ass fall asleep. It might not be. Do we knock it out? Check if there's a button or a switch on
the mic. Yeah. He might have turned it off. Jeff is gonna see if he turned it off. I did
it one. Oh my god. It's that. Are you with the theater? Okay. Okay. Good. No offense but you
look like any one of our fans. This is Brian everybody. Brian the tech man. Brian. Check. Check. Check. Just
you know for the future. There we go. Okay. If there's ever any malfunctioned you could just
run up on stage and start fucking with us. Well he was helping. I mean if someone dove on the stage
and started working with the wires I mean that's definitely a lot better scenario than we could
ask for. Yeah. I'm encouraging it. Dan can we get a mic check on you now. Yeah. Check. Hey do you
want me to turn that off for you. I don't know. We could do it. Can we hear a little who are you
kidding in that way. Zach how about we get a beat since we got the vocoder going. Why don't we put
a little beat on emcee gun control. Yeah. Yeah. Emcee. Emcee. You and me. Emcee gun control gun
control. Of guns. And how much they control. Emcee gun control my bet is you can't tell which side I'm on.
It's one of, it's one of our show's few return characters.
MC Gun Control.
The last two of three appearances have featured me
explaining the joke.
I'm MC Gun Control.
But you don't really know if I like guns or not.
Oh, shit.
It's time to take a stand, Gun Control.
Take a stand now.
I'm sorry.
Take a point.
Left or right, up or down.
What?
Guns or no guns.
And I'll right or go away.
Wow.
Oh.
You know what, no one that's in favor of guns ever uses the phrase gun control.
MC gun control, Marlore or Yanny!
I'm sorry, what?
Which one do you hear? Marlore or Yanny?
Obviously, Yanny!
Alright, come on.
He's against gun control.
MC gun control is against...
It seems like he is.
He dodges the issue so well.
His name should be MC gun awareness.
Not MC gun control.
Gun awareness, it would have been...
But in my defense, it was an organically constructed bit.
I mean, I don't sit at home in bed coming up with bits.
If I do, these tickets are 50 bucks.
Like, you're buying them, you don't even care if you're showing up.
They're worth something signed.
Where is your bed? I thought there would be a bed here.
No, man, that was all part of the Howard Hughes darkness.
We made up with the audience now.
We're back, we're happy, we're doing segments.
You're cleaned up.
Shingle free!
Shingle free?
100% Shingle free.
You got your attitude all fixed?
Am I upstaging you guys?
I've been wearing a low hat and I've got a box in front of me.
Isn't this the definition of upstaging?
You stand upstage and you make your fellow performers turn their backs.
I would say come down a little bit, so then...
Calm down.
Calm down a little bit.
I probably have one more segment I could do.
Hell yeah.
You weren't kidding when you said segments.
Mind blowers from my therapist?
When you go to therapy
You're Billy Idol and you're with me
Mind blowers from my therapist?
I'm streaming with my fist up.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I mean...
If you're going to steal Nick Cave songs, just tell him a crowd.
I'm Billy Idol, what do you mean?
Nick...
For the listeners at home, the look on Jeff Davis' face just now.
That was, okay, I'll call that, if you draw a triangle of Billy Eidel, Nick Cave, and
David Byrne, you're right in the middle of that triangle.
Yeah.
There was a bit of David Byrne in there too.
Well, I know how to make it more David Byrne, but I don't know how to make more Nick Cave,
but I don't even know.
Well, let's try it.
You want to give the full Byrne?
Now, now, now go full slider over to Billy Eidel now.
Now, give me a little PJ Harvey, PJ Harvey.
How about Paul Harvey, Paul Harvey, Paul, Paul Rubens, Paul Rubens, Steve Harvey, Steve
Harvey.
Oh, you should do that.
Is that what you want?
Racism?
You want to catch the racists, who are you kidding, who the fuck are you kidding?
Everybody wants to catch the racists.
What are you going to do when you catch them?
Brandon, I want Brandon at some point to take this tiny, tiny lectern and do tiny preacher.
No.
Brandon at Leach of Avon does a preacher character, what's it called?
Father Brown.
It's pretty goddamn funny.
Good old Leach of Avon.
This is my podium.
I brought it over.
I wouldn't take that podium from you.
I wouldn't leave it to you.
Because as you see, I've got a table, brother.
What do you think?
I don't know lots of them, isn't that his thing?
Okay, name.
like his Shazbot. I don't know. I don't know. I thought his thing was that, wow! Doesn't
he growl and shit? There's 17 of them in one of his songs. Black Nerd.
Brandon's working on his spinoff podcasts. So come back to the Doomsday Temple Challenge.
What's this place called? The fucking dynasty? Why is it called? Doomsday Temple Challenge.
Doomsday Temple Challenge. At the Rita... I don't even know what's going on.
Brandon's launching his new spinoff podcast called Black Nerd.
Yeah, first episode is all about Black Adam and fans. I got to hear that one.
Black Dat Fan fans. Black what fans? Dat Fan. Dat Fan. He's a comedian.
He ain't no joke. Dear energy. I'm gonna be honest. I came to watch tonight. I got so big. I'm sitting back there.
I'm sitting back there. I got a piece of pizza. We saw you come from backstage. I'm sweating balls right now because I'm so high.
I feel as though I've taken the energy in another direction. But I'm fucking good with it.
Did you see? Did you see? You guys started making black jokes. I had to run on stage. I don't know what the fuck is going on.
Jeff is viciously anti-pot. Shit. Listen. Hey, everybody. Everybody. Hide. He'll come back and go.
And then we'll all come out and kick him. Oh shit. Jeff has a pizza.
Jeff brought Brandon a pizza. Thank you. I'm gonna eat all your pizza now. That's good. I'd like some cereal.
All right. Well, so look, I mean, I'm the straight man of my own show. So do you want me to do the therapist? Yes. My birthday.
Oh Hoh, Ha, Ha, Ha Ha, Oh, Ha Hoh,Ha, Ha, Hoh, Ha, Ha, Ha, Hoh, Ugh, Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha, Hoh, Ha, Hah, Hah, Hoh, duhh Ha, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hah, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hoh, Ha, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hot.
really frustrating to feel out of control and like everyone's kind of disrespecting the two very
small things you're trying to do over the course of two hours. But I just want you to know that
the longer it takes to do these two little bits, actually the less we have to do.
I know, I know. So it is, it is, it's awesome. So I mean, and don't get me wrong, it's very comedic
for you to be begrudging about this and don't lose that. But what I'm saying is this is great.
This is all great. Yeah. Spencer, next week, please wear a black shirt and just, and do this.
Like the beginning of Zarda is just kind of, oh yeah. We have to get it, we can chip in a little
bit of our Harmontown Money and get a crystal ball on that fucking table. I know. I slowly want
him to become inside the crystal ball. What if we, what if we got a green screen? They just were
an all green suit. And so like I'm just literally a floating head. Yeah, you wouldn't even have to show
up. Yeah. What if at the end of a 12 episode run here, Spencer was like, I think this is my last
episode. I've done everything I want to do. And then he got up and under the table were 12 dead babies.
And then, and then he had, he had, he had broken their necks
for 90 minutes each. And each, each, each one was a,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, each one had a different Zodiac sign.
So you went to therapy and you're all better now. No, no. Well, are these mind blowers? Did you,
did you blow your therapist's mind or did you get your mind blown by the therapist? Mind blown.
Oh, okay. Okay. We want to hear these. Yeah. So here's the how many do we have? How many,
how many we can count this down? How many? Just one. This is the latest. We can still count it down.
And now the top one mindblower from Dan's therapist starting at number one.
The concept of want versus willing. So
so her example was, well, I want world peace. I'm willing to be nice to dickheads today.
You know, like, you can have an internal dialogue, like, what are you willing to do?
Like, kind of, it's kind of blown my mind. Like, I've applied it to writing and I was,
example, I was, I was packing my stuff for a Palm Springs trip and I got out of the shower.
I looked at my toenails. I was like, well, those could use a trim.
But what were you willing to do? And then I was like, I was like, well, I'll probably put that
off. I'm going to pack later. I'll pack last minute. And then I'm going to be like rushing to
clip my toenails. And then I just a voice in my headset. Are you willing to clip your toenails
right now? The answer was yes, of course, because it kind of forces a dialogue or you like,
you kind of like high road yourself. You're like, are you willing to clip your toenails?
What kind of villain says no? No, I'm not willing to clip my toenails.
Okay, well, then we're, we're at an impasse, as the French would say. I or as the British
would call it an impasse. Or as the Mexicans would call it as regular standoff.
I'm only upset with that joke that I didn't think of it.
I have a question. What, what is this internal voice? Is it your voice?
Or is it George Carlin? George Carlin. That's great. How'd you get that? I've been trying.
It's amazing. Oh, you don't have to pay for it. It's, it's a common creative license.
What do you call it? Creative Commons license. What, what, what, what if your internal voice
sounded a little bit like Billy Idle? What would that sound like?
Oh, well, are you willing to clip your toenails? With a scream and a shout and you clipped your
toenails with the blood of the altar.
I always, I always forget he's Hawaiian.
I think that's cool. I mean, I, I know you like, I always feel like my internal monologue is like,
oh, I want to do this and this and this. And then I come up with a bunch of excuses,
but it's like, you can say you want all sorts of things that you're never going to put forth
any effort for, but then you convince yourself that you are kind of, but there's good reasons.
But being able to differentiate that is like, it's an important distinction.
Yeah. Cause it, it slows down time. Like, it's funny how procrastination moves at the speed of
light. Like you in one fell swoop will get an entire day's work worth non-working done
at the very top of the day by simply going, what do I want to write a perfect script?
Right. Well, that's not going to fucking happen today.
So nothing's going to happen today. So instead, it's like, what are you willing to do?
Write 10 pages or write, like my thing is I'm willing to write for four hours if it's easy.
Like I'm willing to not stop typing. Yeah. My therapist is like, slow down, Charlie. I'm like,
whoa, like racist. And like she, she was a nom and she's always,
no, she's, she's like, I'm like, no, you don't get it. Like if I just fucking thought I could
just type, type, type, type, type, you know, just spitting it, then, but it's like, you're,
you're trying to adapt Vonnegut and it's like, oh, it's got to be good or something. And it's
like, then nothing's going to get done. But what am I willing to do? I'm willing to do a bad job
adapting Vonnegut for four hours. And then I'm like, by the way, no, no, this is applying to the
Vonnegut thing. I'm totally tanking it eating, shitting the bed and about to get fired. Oh,
yeah, that's right. Yeah. When does it do by like a week ago? Or
yeah, what's it do? It was due like in 1997. That's what are you going to do with that answer,
Jeff? What are you going to? What is that going to do for you? How do you spell TMZ? Are you texting
Dan's agent? No, I know, church, church just texted me and she goes, they just found Melania
two hours ago. Oh my God. Oh my God. Can we release the confetti? I understand what you're
talking about, Dan, because I, for a while, finally, this is all I wanted. This is all I wanted
for us to be on the same page. Can we get somebody from like the stage tech department
to spike with the tape where all of these tables are so this never changes. I want
mini podium and a little pizza table. I really do like this. It's fun. I like this stage arrangement.
Hey, do you think, do you think Spider-Man gets bummed out when people call him Webhead?
I mean, like, it's been around for a while. You know, Doc Ock goes, Webhead, do you think he's
like, it's not funny. Stop it. That make any sense. Does he get pissed off? I mean, like,
because they're not letting it go. I mean, we can't tell because he's got the mask on,
but I bet he's a little like, I don't understand because he's webbed all over my body. He's
canonically hilarious. That's like one of his big traits of Spider-Man. He's like this fucking
hilarious, wisecracking guy. Right. So like, he would be all like, Yeah, no, that's hack. But would
he be all like, Oh, yeah, that's like, it's like someone using a shitty insult. It has no power.
Or would it be like, come on, why is everyone running with this? No, like, this version of
Spider-Man is, this version of Spider-Man is kind of like, for better or for worse, he's just Iron
Man Junior, right? Like, I watched the homecoming and it's like, Oh, he's just, he's just, he's just,
he's got his little Spider Iron Man suit. Oh, okay. He's a Spider Iron Man now. That's cool.
You haven't seen it? No, the Iron Spider. Excuse me.
Well, what have you seen in haven't seen? I saw Spider-Man.
Rob, Rob, have you seen the quiet place? Rob, did you watch it?
Yeah, yeah, I saw it.
Did you like those sound boogins?
I like sound boogins.
Sound boogins.
Fucking come on.
You got to like them sound boogins. Have you seen that?
No, I haven't seen it.
Brandon, you got anything good in theaters right now?
Yeah. God damn, you're so fucking high. Look at this guy.
Who are you talking to?
I've never seen, are you talking to me?
The thing is, if you never, if you never told, if you never told anybody, you wear a suit like
that and people think, Oh, the only reason you might be high is you forgot to put a tie on tonight.
You wear a suit like that and people think he shouldn't be sitting on a cooler with a
pizza box as a table.
I will tell you that I got into a fight with a guy who was drunk driving who ran me off the road
and I got out of the car and I was like, I'll fuck you up. And he was too drunk.
He got out of his truck and he was super drunk.
And I was like, that's not a fair fight. You can't really.
The hand is all back tonight. Thanks.
And he was like, I'll fuck you up.
And he was too drunk.
And I was like, that's not a fair fight.
I'm not going to punch this guy in the face.
And then I said to him, get the fuck out of here because the cops are going to come and you're
drunk. And I have on a suit. And I was stoned out of my ass.
And it was so loud that when the cops rolled up, because it was so loud, so high right now,
it was so loud that the cops came and I fucking walked over to the cops.
High as a kite was like, officer, this man is inebriated.
When did this happen?
What do you say? This was on the way here.
What? That's crazy.
Why are you getting into encounters where you're saying I'll fuck you up to people?
I'm always a little curious.
Brandon, Brandon, you want to get out of the car.
You want to get out of the car.
You want to see what's going on for a second.
Let's see. Let's see how far it's going to go.
That's crazy.
All right, really, that took it out of me.
And that's crazy. We're the same age. You can't fuck anybody up.
No. No, you're right.
Brandon can fuck anybody in this audience up.
I would never fuck anyone up in Harmontown.
Yay. Yay, applause.
There were no applause.
Power changed my mind.
After that lackluster applause, I'll be out front.
What? That's so crazy that happened today.
Give me my pizza.
Oh, ain't that a bitch?
Isn't that just, you know, a perfect metaphor?
We for sure talked about this.
The album cover for the Fat Boys album where it's them and they're opening a pizza box
and inside the pizza box is the three fat boys dressed as old-timey convicts
stealing the fat, giant Fat Boys pizza and they have like...
Is it all you can eat?
Yeah, and they have like ball and chains on them and they're like,
whoa, but they're just like eating.
They're like, it's like, oh, they're eating, oh, we're eating our own pizza.
We're eating us as pizza.
Are any of the Fat Boys still with us? Are they all dead?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
I don't think so. Remember when the Fat Boys did the theme song to Nightmare on Elm Street 4?
Yeah.
That's when it was really getting scary.
The music video where they're like, they're all walking up to the Elm Street.
I was going, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And then Freddy Krueger comes out, starts rapping.
You may be fat, but I've got knives.
You better start rapping for your lives,
bitch.
And this was around the time when horror movies were really getting,
like people were like, oh, we got to protect the children.
Probably they're going to really start being mentally freaked out by that.
And then you're watching it.
It's like, this is ridiculous.
It's that melted child molester with fingernails walking around with these Fat Boys
rapping about murdering children.
Calm down.
Yeah. What's your problem with that?
Amazingly, that franchise survived the Fat Boys enough to see the Will Smith, the DJ,
DJ, Jazzy, Jennifer, the Fresh Prince did a Nightmare on Elm Street.
Yeah. Like, let me tell you about the time I was on Elm Street.
I was like, holy shit, this thing's bulletproof.
You can't fucking sell this thing out.
Well, quote, Freddie Kruger has more authenticity to fucking unload than the executive branch.
Give it a look.
Go home tonight.
Check out the Fat Boys Nightmare on Elm Street 4.
This isn't when they, this, this was considered one of the best ones too.
Out of the dream warriors.
No, Dream Warriors is my favorite.
That's Dawkin.
That's Dawkin who does that.
Dawkin.
Dawkin fucking rule.
Kind of scary.
We went to see Dawkin and they did that song and we fucking shit our brains out on the floor.
I think they did the whole soundtrack.
They did everything and we shit our brains out.
We saw Dawkin live.
What, how long ago was this?
Like about 10 years ago?
It was at the House of Blues.
Easily, easily 12 years ago.
Yeah.
House of Blues.
We shit every day.
They brought in Lynch, what's his name?
Is it George Lynch?
Is it the bass player or no guitar player?
And he came in, they used to hate each other and he got out there and did a guitar solo.
That was a fucking just a ball burner.
It was so good.
This is such a ball burner.
All right, all right.
Come on, keep this fucking sweet train.
What about Bobby Brown's Ghostbusters 2 rap?
That one doesn't hold up.
No, thank God for someone saying it.
It's 2018.
It's time to take control.
Let's get out of this.
So I totally sinking into this tape.
Yeah, no, and it's, it will continue.
I expect to, you know, it'll be above my neck level soon.
Okay, name a movie that would never have a crazy rap in its soundtrack.
Wild West.
Silkwood.
Schindler's List, yo.
Jumanji, Sophie's Choice.
I heard Silkwood.
Meryl Streep is a story about nuclear contamination.
Not Meryl Streep?
There's no Meryl Streep?
Yeah, I don't think she should be anywhere.
Meryl Streep is such a good actress.
She plays Cher in that movie.
I said name a movie and I got like, I got like, I heard like three movies everyone
knows that are all about the Holocaust.
And then one that's no one knows.
Let's give you, let's give you a bit more of a lob.
What?
Haven't, haven't seen it.
But okay, I'll, I'll, I'll do the, I'll do the Will Smith rap about Quiet Place.
Zach, you got a beat for that?
Zac McKeever up at the beat house.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, he doesn't do that.
Let me tell you about the time I was going outside and I was trying to be, keep my mouth
real wide.
But DJ Jazzy Jeff said, hey, fresh prints.
You better put that down, Clef.
Because we got to be quiet.
Because there's Quiet Place.
This isn't going to work.
That's like, you can't improvise.
That's crazy to think you can improvise that.
You, you, you set up the beat though.
I what?
I know I did, but my, my, my eyes were bigger than my talents.
I didn't, you know, that's, because you did a refrain.
Even like, that's how I knew I wasn't in a quiet place.
Well, we took off our shoes and we walked on some sand and we had to make sidewalks
made of it across the land.
But DJ Jeff said, hey, fresh prints.
We got to, did not go over there and eat those mints.
But I said, okay, I think I'm allowed to do that.
But I did it and I was real loud, smack.
And then the big Boogins came out and that's how I wanted to have a quiet place.
Yeah.
Thank you for your incredibly condescending polite applause.
It just goes to show you Boogins just don't understand.
There's a million kinds of applause and that, that's the applause that was like, just finish.
Thank you for wrapping it up.
Yeah.
Anybody see this?
Fuck you.
Anybody see this upgrade movie?
This upgrade?
I hear it's pretty good.
It seems like a shadow run movie.
Seems like a shadow run.
I remember shadow run.
Shadow run, you hear about this shadow run in the news lately?
What is that?
No, it's like a weird cyberpunk role-playing game.
No, but it does though, because it's like,
we love, that's the secret word today, role-playing game.
No, but like he gets wired reflexes.
I don't know.
It's in the, I don't know.
It just seemed very shadow running and guys like arm turns into a gun,
like a bunch of like tropes from shadow runner hitting the trailer.
I was like, you want, you want to go see it with me?
Okay.
Do they have some of that cyberware?
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
Wetware.
That's all I got.
Sorry.
What were you guys going to talk about upgrade?
I didn't mean to hijack it.
No, I haven't seen it, but I heard it's really,
people are really enjoying it.
They're really having a good time.
Okay, I'll go.
Awesome.
That sounds great.
You should take him.
All right.
He's having a hard time, you should take him.
Yeah, he's had a hard life.
Maybe not.
Maybe you shouldn't take him.
Okay.
Is it, is it, that's the basis you, you, you invite people to a movie on is whether
or not they've had a hard life.
It's 9-Eleven.
The date when the people.
Okay, let me tell you about the time.
We went to New York and we had to arrive when my parents were gone and we see the sites,
but then two planes came out of there.
We had a good run here.
Have you checked out the backstage?
The backstage is groovy.
Yeah, there's an upstairs like little fuck cubby hole.
There's like a little like staircase you go up and there's a mattress with like yellow.
Ronald Coleman used to fuck Anton Lavey upstairs back in the 1930s.
Hey, I, I, I Wikipediaed this shit before I came here.
Here at the, at the Telegraph Sucker, what the fuck?
Dynasty typewriter.
Why is it called a typewriter?
You don't call a place a typewriter.
And I look at the, I like it.
I like it.
Everyone here likes it.
I like the name.
And if Jeff, if you need Jeff to like it, Jeff will like it.
I don't even get what that joke meant.
Spencer's all over your shit tonight.
Yeah, cause you got it.
He got it.
You got on his shit last time.
I know I love it.
See, I'm learning.
Like that's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to rip people's heads off once in a while.
Right.
It's good behavior.
It's been rewarded.
Great last thing.
You know, speaking of ripping people's heads off,
I thought of a segment we could play.
It's called D&D, motherfucker.
Oh, damn.
Schrab, you're staying, Brandon, you're staying.
You can just chill if you want.
You don't have to stay, but we would love to have you up here.
It's been a long, bloody time since we've played our D&D campaign.
So we're going to need a good beefy recap on this one.
Sure, yeah.
Yeah.
Spencer, can you give me a nice beefy recap?
Yeah, yeah.
You know how I like my recaps.
Nice and beefy.
I want to get my beefy recap.
I want to take my beefy recap.
There's a town that you will go to.
Beefy recap.
Go to Toofrow.
I want to get my beefy recap.
Nope, stop.
I won't.
It's not that kind of show.
That's the shit he drags in from who's line.
It's not going to be any clapping.
Yeah, and we finally under E called entertainment.
All right, fair enough.
You do you.
Go ahead, entertain people.
See where it gets you.
What was that?
Was that referencing a certain other song, beefy recap?
Yeah, I guess it was a little electric avenue, obviously.
Right, Brandon?
Yes.
Yes, it was.
Or no, Funky Town.
What was I thinking of?
Under this administration, I can only say yes.
I don't want to do it again.
What are you holding?
Oh, it's a microphone.
He scared me for a second.
Out in the street.
Oh, no.
We're going to rock down to electric avenue.
Then we'll take it higher.
Look at this motherfucker clap.
Just out of...
out of...
because he saw Jeff sing.
Clap!
It's fucking good.
Stop the street.
On the dark side of town.
There is lots of work to be done.
Out in the street.
There is violence.
Something, something, something.
I'm trying to figure out how to ruin their clapping.
I want to make them party to something awful.
Like...
Clap, if you eat babies.
That's what I say.
Yeah, they love it.
Because I picked a safe form of causticity.
What if I went there?
You would have been fucked up.
What have you been up to?
What have I been up to?
What have you been up to lately?
I haven't...
I've been trying to keep the friendship alive.
I've been cancelling every appointment I've ever had.
I've been trying to finish this thing.
I can't finish it.
I'm supposed to finish it.
You should finish it.
You know what?
Great idea.
Do you want 5%?
No, I just want you to be happy.
See?
That's how I go to Boston.
Let's get Steve Levy up here, everybody.
Steve Levy!
Hey, before we do D&D,
Spencer, do we want to talk about
the altercation that we saw today?
Sure, yeah.
So...
I was leaving Little Doms today.
You were leaving Little Doms,
and there was three dudes,
and they were following...
There were three white dudes,
and they were following a black guy
without a shirt who had long dreadlocks
who was walking his bicycle,
and they were following him and having a moving argument.
Oh, Tommy!
Yeah.
And so,
I didn't know what the situation was,
but it's always...
I had listened to a podcast where someone
watched as five people just beat the shit
unmercelessly out of this guy,
and it was just horrible,
and so I was like, I don't want to see
three guys kick the shit out of some guy.
So I walked over there while...
And they were yelling and escalating,
and I didn't get there until
they actually started punching and stuff,
but everyone was gathering and watching.
They were knocking coffee at each other.
Yeah, they were knocking each other's drinks.
I think the initial altercation
happened at the coffee bean,
and then someone knocked a drink out of someone's hand,
and then it moved outside,
and the cops were called.
I don't know. Anyway, I get there,
and then they're engaged,
and so I just get as close as I can.
Oh, well, that's a nuptial spat.
Oh, God. Oh, Jesus.
What do you mean?
Wait, so this fight...
Well, that's the thing.
It didn't start as a fight,
but the three guys were clearly
harassing and threatening the guy
to make him feel uncomfortable,
and he was like, I took you guys...
I took both of your asses on earlier,
and I won, and then so then the guy
was like, you know, come at me,
and then they were trying to
kind of two-at-one go out,
not like tag team, but kind of like
be ready to catch him off guard and stuff,
and so that was about when I got there.
I was dodging and stuff.
Maybe about three or four punches had been thrown,
but then I just get up, like,
and one of the guys, like, right behind the guy,
and then I'm like, hey, can we stop fighting?
Let's please stop fighting.
Can we not stop fighting?
Can you stop fighting? Stop fighting.
And then they're like, oh, no,
you got witnesses here, knock it off, man.
We're the victims he sees, and I'm like,
you guys are idiots. Just stop.
Come on, knock it off.
And then he's like, no, this guy's wrong,
and then I walked away because they weren't
actively, like, looking to get in a punch
at that point because I was, I don't know,
the thing is you get worked up into this
spell of violence and rage, and, like,
it's very easy to break it, but, like,
you don't see anything outside of that bubble
when you're in it, so, like, I feel like
I just, like, distracted them enough,
and then, um, yeah, I heard the sirens,
and I started walking away, and then a police guy,
like, pulled a big U-turn and, like,
stopped them, and then the guy,
the black guy, he, like, ran to the place
and so, and then I was like, I'm out,
I don't want to answer any questions.
And did the, and when the police started
to beat him,
that was, that was definitely
my worry.
He seemed, he seemed willing
to go to the police, and so I was like,
well, the police was probably really in trouble.
When the police show up and there's a black guy
there, that's a great time for all the witnesses,
just to scatter.
There was a lot of witnesses,
there was just no one who was breaking up the fight.
What Spencer didn't know is that
I was in the optometrist
where this was all happening,
and I'm, and the fight
was happening in the front window where
everybody in the
atometry building was looking out the window
going, oh, like,
opening up the door, like, a half...
What's happening?
Going, hey, stop, stop fighting.
Stop fighting, stop fighting, yeah.
And me and Randall Park's brother
sitting there going, dude, what's going on?
We should do something, yeah.
We should probably do something.
Isn't that, isn't that Spencer
across the street?
Yeah, he's, he looks like he's about to cross
the street, and meanwhile I was like,
I'm gonna fuck you up.
And so I watched,
and Spencer had no idea that I
was living in his world.
I didn't want to say one thing, the only thing,
you were telling this story and you were narrating
for the guy who said like, hey, I took
two of you guys out for coffee.
This isn't,
this isn't how I pictured this
afternoon going.
And then
the third guy's like, well, you should
have gone with my bid.
They're all architects.
All right, Spencer, do you think
you can recap, like,
D&D from years gone by?
Oh, yeah.
You guys done for that at all?
Yeah.
No.
I heard one voice of dissent.
All right, where's the music?
Spencer, you want some music for this?
Or do you want to do it in acapella?
I don't care, man.
Come on, hero.
Yeah, man.
Let's get some fucking music.
Yeah.
Yeah, D&D.
There's an audience here.
D&D, yeah.
Do it good, son.
I'll fuck you up.
I'll rob you, bro.
D&D.
Let's get on this roller coaster.
Go to another dimension.
All right.
So the gang was on
a mission to find
this gem.
They were searching around
and they were finding some clues.
They kidnapped a guy to get more clues,
but they didn't really find any clues
from that guy.
And then, what's his name?
Diarrhea Jr.
He started snooping around on his loan,
but he got in over his head
and before he knew it, he was kidnapped
and locked somewhere.
So our heroes went to save him
and they found him.
Did something happen?
Okay.
They found him and it was fun,
but they had to fight.
There was a fight.
They were fighting.
They're still fighting.
They got to save
DJ from the evil
actor's
guild.
Now
on Harmontown.
All right.
I'd like to pretend I heard more of that
than I did because I was handing out the character sheets,
but I think I'll be all right.
Oh, were you forced to do that?
I should have done it earlier.
I did not manage my time well.
I'm excited. This is the first time ever
I have my own sheet.
Yeah, you want to read off some fast facts.
Not playing Aaron or Steve Levy
or whatever.
You know, I feel like you never asked me for it.
I would have definitely complied with that.
I like to say I'm like an easygoing person, I think.
I want everyone to feel included.
DnTB.
You guys,
you're in a fight.
You're in the underground area
of the theater house
of the screen actor's guild.
No, what was it?
It was a guild
of acting people.
And you're down there.
It's like a wooden,
what do you call it?
Like a break room. There's tables and chairs
and you see a dartboard on the wall
and there's a map on the wall.
You were fighting and you seem to have killed
two of these guys.
The only one who's left
is a dude holding a gun.
It's like a lightning gun.
It shoots lightning and he shot you with lightning before.
Shit.
A lightning gun.
Isn't everybody entangled
in a tree thing?
Right. Thank you for bringing that up.
Jeff turned into a tree
and then he entangled everybody.
Oh, that's right. Yeah, I remember that.
I was there for that.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm used to having a table.
Can I do a good old-fashioned
observe surrounding
to see who's where and what's what?
Yeah, so there's two corpses
on the ground
and then there's one guy who's kind of
entangled in your tree
that's you and he's not like super
entangled. He's just, you know,
he's like wrestling with vines and such.
Right.
Then there's everyone else.
Yeah, there's a door.
There's actually three doors
and like I said, some tables, chairs, a dartboard.
These fucking glasses.
So combat is still happening right now.
Oh, yeah.
So do you want to, who has the initiative?
He does. He shoots you with a gun.
Me? Yeah.
What? That's just a tree.
That's, but you entangled him.
Well, it's a tree.
All right, it's hard to dodge as a tree.
Oh, no, but you're immune to lightning.
Okay, so. Yeah.
We established that.
Wait, wait. Do trees get hit by lightning all the time, though?
Yeah.
Because I have my fire, my, like,
fire abilities, maybe?
Is that why?
No.
Okay. Hey, look.
Trees have resistance to electricity. They're not immune.
Okay. All right.
So I dodged it?
No, you're a tree.
But I absorb it.
Yes, yes, sorry.
I'm not going to question you ever, ever again.
Thank you. That's all I've ever wanted.
Does anyone else want to play?
Can I...
How do I have him entangled?
Like, where are my branches around him?
They're mostly around his ankles.
Like, his arms are unencumbered,
and that's why he could shoot you with a gun.
I pick him up by the ankles and hold him upside down
like a pinata so that the rest of our,
or the squad can come attack.
All right, you do that.
Yes, I fucking do.
Am I entangled in his three branches?
Yeah, currently.
Hey.
Is he shooting lightning?
He did.
Okay.
Did you have a question?
No, let me know when he does again.
Okay. All right.
Because I'm going to do, I want to do something.
Do you want to prepare something?
No.
Yeah.
What do you want to prepare?
I want to prepare jumping in front of the lightning.
Okay, great. You do that. Perfect.
Can I...
Can I shimmy out of the branches?
Yeah, do you want to try?
Yeah.
Do you have a scape artist or anything?
He could escape.
No, I don't have a scape artist.
All right, give me your decks.
15.
All right.
You don't escape.
You really got me tangled here.
You can move your arms,
but you can't move very easily.
Can't I just choose to let him free?
This is like...
I don't have anything to control over my entanglements.
You do on your turn.
Okay.
Sorry, Diary, I should have used my first turn
to let you get free.
It's cool. I'll just chill here in your branches.
All right.
You're like, Jeff, let me go.
Let me go, man.
I'm like...
Let me go.
I'm stuck in your branches. What the fuck?
The bear walks through the frame.
No.
You all see that bear?
It does not change the game at all.
No, that happens. That happens.
I mean, it doesn't...
No one seems to react very much, but sure.
So you guys not just see that bear?
It's glorious.
Yes, but don't we have bigger fish to fry?
We're in a world...
Guys, you guys are going to freak out
if you don't want to go.
Do you want to go?
Garry Shandling.
Oh, yeah.
Is my special ability
of shielding aura...
That's not a thing I invoke.
Is that a thing that's just...
That's not passive?
I think you do have to invoke it.
Okay.
Because it's allies within 20 feet
get plus two armor class
per round, per level.
Would you rather add channel energy
if I feel like...
Have they gotten their asses kicked?
It's been like six months since we played.
We've been kind of like taking up eating.
They've been taken damage, and they got some healing.
They could probably use some more healing.
You could do both of those though.
Because the aura is like a minor action.
Hoaaahhhhhh...
Heal.
Ooh.
Man, this is gonna be great.
Okay, everyone heals 13.
Damn.
I don't have a pen.
Hmm, that's okay.
Alright, so the guy with the gun, he's upside down.
He's trying to shoot.
Whose turn is it?
It's my turn.
Oh, no.
Brandon's stuck.
Thank you, my good man.
Oh, no.
Brandon's high.
Sorry, Brandon.
He'll fuck you up.
You were gonna fuck the guy up?
He wasn't good at it, but he was willing to say so, right?
You were just bluffing, right?
You're not gonna fuck anybody up.
I think he's got it in him.
I think that's racist.
When do I get to say what's racist?
He shoots a gun.
I jump in front.
I jump in front of the lightning.
Alright, you do that.
Yes.
I jump in front of the lightning because...
You got this, bro.
I got it.
Shambling Mount is subjected to...
Whenever the Shambling Mount is subjected to lightning damage,
it takes no damage and regains a number of hit points
equal to the lightning damage dealt.
Those aren't our mics.
Rob's mic just took four damage.
Alright, so...
Right?
Wait, what?
What do you mean right?
What I just said.
Yeah, you're reading, right?
But it's right.
I've just revealed if you make something up
and sound like it's reading, I'll buy it.
Well, now I know that's how I convince you.
Yeah, so, okay.
You jump in front of his lightning gun
right as he pulls the trigger,
and lightning blasts into your body
and through your vegetative mass,
energizing the wriggling, writhing,
viney forms that make you up.
You regain 12 health.
12 health?
I'll take it.
Steve and Dan get hit by the lightning
as it cuts through the shambling mound.
You each take 12 damage.
What the fuck?
Guys.
Good thing you healed, huh?
Gary.
You're supposed to absorb it.
Yeah, I am.
Okay, at the same time,
one of the doors on the far wall flies open
and you can see a little dwarf yelling,
and he's just yelling.
He's holding what looks like a big baseball bat,
and he comes right towards one of these.
Jesus Christ!
What the fuck?
He comes right towards Jeff.
Who's a tree?
Chad.
Jeff.
Oh, Chad.
No, you're right.
I was like, no, you're Chad.
I know this one.
He comes at me?
Does he mean me harm?
He does, yeah.
He's wielding, it looks like a whiffleball bat.
Well, I say you're going to bring a bat to a tree fight?
He does.
He brings a bat to a tree fight.
And the bat is smeared with poop.
Oh, boy.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
You don't like it.
What?
You don't like it?
It's a poop bat.
Does he attack me?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, no.
He hits you with the bat and you hear a pop,
and both of you disappear and reappear.
You guys, you see both of them dematerialize out of existence.
What the fuck?
The Thanos?
A dwarf just hit me with a magic whiffleball bat,
and now I'm gone?
Yeah.
And the dwarf's gone.
He's gone too, yeah.
Briefly.
You reappear in a dark building filling with smoke.
But we don't see that.
No, you don't know that happens.
Okay.
Hello.
Have we fucking met?
You're a tree.
You can't talk.
Okay.
He just smells like shit.
Am I in a different dimension than the rest of the fight right now?
No, you feel like it's the same dimension.
Okay, I summon nature's ally and get that bear.
Can you summon a bear?
I can summon a bear.
Can you?
I'm a druid.
I don't have it all written down here.
I can speak with animals.
I can summon a creature to fight.
Right.
I just saw that bear walk by.
That's different.
Huh?
You can use your speak with animals to talk to the bear.
All right.
Do you want to play the bear brandon?
Yes.
Okay.
That's what I'm talking about.
Hey bear!
Bear!
What can I do for you?
Hey.
You know all those times you use trees to scratch your ass
and climb up and get that honey and do all that shit?
Oh, I do.
Right after I steal a picnic basket.
Okay, well, now you're being racist.
What?
Don't marge in the last bears.
I'm saying, well, maybe I am too.
I'm saying you look like a badass that might fuck somebody up.
I've been known to eat a porcupine.
How would you feel if you saw a dwarf walk up with a magic whiffleball bat
and beat up a tree?
Covered in poop.
Is that what makes it magical?
I don't know.
It makes it shittier.
Okay.
Well, I would like to tear him apart.
All right.
You want to join me in this fight?
I'd love to.
Let's get down.
All right.
And let it be known, I didn't even have to summon you.
I just had to talk to you.
I've always been looking for someone who would listen.
Well, that's too bad because this fight is a talker.
You've got to be kidding me.
I'm just fucking with you.
Let's do this.
Whoo!
What's up?
Who wants to do?
Anyone could go.
I'm back in my natural form right now.
Oh, you stopped being a tree?
Okay.
Didn't you say I became...
Oh, I'm still a tree.
Yeah.
Unless you stop.
No, I'm going to go fucking bark skin.
Okay.
That makes me tougher, right?
Yeah.
Try to hit me with that bat again, motherfucker.
My skin got...
How much tougher is my bark now?
I want to say what level are you?
Three.
I think you get plus three armor class.
Okay.
Yeah, bark skin.
Yeah.
The bear, do you want to go?
Where are we going?
There's a dwarf with a whiffle ball bat and you saw a tree who just talked to you and
asked you to fight.
It just grew more bark.
But I can still talk as a non-action movement, right?
Yeah.
I say, hey, just go full bear on this motherfucker.
Like, don't hold anything back.
Oh, I'm going to do him like Leo got dead in Revenant.
Yeah.
Fucking...
And I want it to last as long as that scene in Revenant.
That's right.
I want you to sit on him for a while.
I want you...
I want this to go on.
There will be moments where you think we're having sex.
But it will be an attack.
But I don't want to give...
I don't want to give...
I don't want to give a bear...
bear notes.
This time, the bear wins.
Okay.
Well, you got there right.
Let us go forth and catch this little...
with a ball, bitch.
Just go attack this motherfucker.
Wow!
I can't...
You truly is high.
Wow!
You're super high.
All right, you hit him with your bear paw.
You deal nine damage.
Wow!
You take a big chunk out of his side. Yeah, it moved it got moved to two places. You
guys should go. No, it's hard to know if you're winning or losing. You know, I've seen the
bear. I don't know if he's on our side. Can I talk to our friends right now? Are we on
a different level? No, you're in a different level. You don't know. Can I have an audible
here? I wanted to ask you, who's in the room right now? The guy with the gun. There's one
guy in the gun and then the rest of us. Yeah. Okay. Continue. You guys continue. Dan, you
haven't said anything for a while. Do something. I'm going to get this motherfucker. And the
way I'm going to do it is, magically, with a spell I like to call, uh, inflict light
wounds. It sounds, uh, it's, uh, it's bite is worse than it's bark. All right. And you're
going for the gun guy. Yeah. There's only one guy in the room. Is he going to go for
us? What do you have to ask that question? Yes. All right. You do it. Your hands crackle
with fell energies as you touch into his body. Thou shall do harm. You can feel the shock
of the spell release. It feels like a very powerful electric spark and it's, it's crazy.
You could just see instantly his flesh just starts necrotizing and sizzling like the whole
side of his body goes black and that's, he's all messed up. Like, uh, he's really bad.
While that's happening, I want to Captain America throw my shield at him. Just whip
it at him really fucking hard. All right. You do that. You hit him in the teeth. You get
him for six damage. Nice. A teeth damage hurts. I do it. Can I go? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I do
a slam attack. Multi, multi slam attack. How much damage, what's your, what's the, how
much damage does it do? Oh, so much. Uh, uh, plus eight. No, the dice is like 2d something.
Uh, you fucking nerd. Yeah, 2d six plus five plus grab. Awesome. So I slam and grab him.
All right. You hit him for eight damage with your, with your meaty paw. Yeah. Okay. Veggie
paw. Now it happens. Yeah. Now it, now it happens. My turn. Um, he, he pulls out his
gun and, uh, he shoots it. He shoots it at Steve and it's like click, click, click, click,
click. Like it's empty. Damn, dude. And then he throws it at Steve. What? It's a critical hit.
Can I catch it? Yeah, sure. You can catch it. I want to catch that gun. All right. It hits
you in the face for five damage. Ow. And then you catch it. You caught it with your face.
All right. I still got it. I whip it right back at his face. Okay. Well, it's not your
turn, but you could do that. Um, then at the same time, you see the, the corpse of the, uh, one
of the guys you killed, he kind of like magically kind of lifts up onto his feet. It's very
disturbing, you know, almost like a puppet being raised by its strings. And you can see
he's been like sliced in half by when he exploded, but it kind of like, you could see his sinews
kind of coming back together and then he crawls up onto the ceiling and he starts hissing.
Which guy? Which guy is this? He, okay. So you might not remember him because this is
way back when, but one of the three guys had a big like robot juggernaut arm kind of thing.
And he went as to punch you and immediately just exploded because his arm exploded. But,
but now he's, he's seemingly come back from the dead and is hissing on the ceiling like
a cockroach. What a feeling. When you're hissing on the ceiling.
Man, I'm going to engulf him. All right, let's go back to the shack then.
Fuck yeah. This is a bear shack? Yeah, you're a tree with more bark.
All right, who's, who's, who's, who's charnaces? It's you, you're a tree more bark.
All right, I've been waiting to use this spell for a good old time. Do I have another spell
on me right now? It depends on the spell level.
It's a first level. One, two. Yeah, I think maybe you have a one left.
Okay, I cast magic fang, which gives my, gives one natural weapon of my subject creature.
He gets a plus one attack. So I can make his claws or his teeth.
Right. You get a plus one. Yeah.
So I just beefed up the bear. The bear gets magic fangs. You feel a magical
sharpness embody your parts. Oh, the sharpness. I'm still going to do
damage. Oh, I like this. I feel more bad.
I turn over to the bear. First off, we never, we never exchange names.
Oh, I'm Chad. What's your name? Bear me back. Yeah. That's our show.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Bear me back.
How long were you sitting on that joke, Brandon? 10 years old.
Bear me back. And not only did your fangs just get sharper because I'm a druid who has
made your teeth a little sharper. Thank you.
When you attack, I think you'll find out. Remember all that crazy noise that you made
when you were attacking earlier? It gets me going.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, this gets a little weirder.
Also, also, sometimes the bear goes into a little burning max standup in the middle
of the attack. Oh, oh, oh, bees, bees, bees. You're not going
to get me on that, honey. You're going to get me on that, honey.
Give me something to sum, bitch, honey. I bite your face off.
I bite your sum, bitch, face off. Okay.
Now you still got to go attack this dude. I'll attack this mother fuck.
You ain't going to tell me not to attack no mother.
I'm attacking right now. I'll walk up to his front door.
I'll attack his front door, man. I'll attack his mama.
Okay, hold on. All right.
This is a critical measurement of our attack. It's not. It's better than that.
It's damaged. All right. You smash him in the face with
a bear paw and then you hit him on the other side of his head, so you're holding him in
the head and then you moll his face. It's great. You deal 24 damage.
Oh, yeah. Bernie Mac.
All right. He's like flailing around and as his face is being hit eating, he like lashes
out and he hits you with a bat and both of you poof and go outside and now you're somewhere
else. But as that happens, you finished eating his face.
So he's dead now. But we're outside.
Well, not you. You're inside and you're a tree.
So if the cops come, I'm in trouble. Yeah.
Fucking Bernie Mac's just chilling outside.
He's with the corpse though. Oh, he's back with the other dude.
Yeah, he teleported. No, well, he's in a third location.
Oh, it's fun. In the underground place, also, the guy's still hissing on the ceiling and
the other guy doesn't have a gun because Steve caught it.
Am I grabbing him still? Which? No.
You tried to grab him and failed. I didn't call that out, but...
Okay. Well, thanks for telling me. Well, I did not say that you grabbed him.
Really? Well, I suppose I have no choice.
I've got to summon the level of monster that I'm allowed to.
Probably my ward. All right, summon monster one.
I'd like to summon a monster of the kind that can climb walls.
I hope there's an ant in there, maybe. An ant?
I think I feel that there's an ant. An giant ant, my favorite kind.
Does it have to be giant? It does, yeah.
You're going to want it to be. You love those big ants.
Check this out. You like that ceiling?
I forget. What's your race in class again, Dan?
I don't see the world through that lens.
I am a human, size medium, gender medium.
He's a class human. He's a cleric.
Carry on. Antimum summonum.
All right, you do that. The ant feverishly comes out of another dimension
and climbs up a wall and then onto the ceiling.
And you can see his powerful mandibles snap the guy right on the foot
with his jaws and leg scissors. They just snip his foot clean off
and it falls to the floor. Yikes.
He hisses more screamingly. Someone else.
I engulf what's left of him. He's on the ceiling?
Yeah. You can't reach.
What? You can't reach. What if I jumped?
You can try that, but you might fail.
Well, you're going to try a jumping engulf.
Yeah, what are we playing at here? Why not?
What are we trying to do here?
Yeah. I just ate lightning with my body.
I think I can do this. Okay.
I do a jump. I do like a, I do a, I roll up and a fall,
but then I jump and I'm like, wow. And I like throw myself at him to engulf him.
And? All right. Does it work?
You jump up there after rolling up into a ball to like gather potential energy
and you hit him, but you just barely graze him, so.
It's not even a slam? No, it missed as a slam.
I see that as a success. We didn't think you were going to make it.
Didn't even think you were going to touch him. Thank you.
Thank you. It's, it's, you know, I mean, you're not going to get anywhere.
And like, if you don't try, you miss every 100% of the chances you don't take, right?
That's what they say. Oh, yeah.
Actually, Wayne Gretzky. Oh, God.
Know the room. Wayne Gretzky.
What? What are you talking about?
Does that do one damage to everyone else in my deck?
I don't know anything about magic. What Deep Space Nine episode was he in?
What's that? What's, what's, what's that new red skull chain attack?
Chain Roller Goblin. It's a rare from Dominaria.
Yeah, that's what we're saying. Make sure you update your decks.
It's got first strike.
You can deal one damage to every other character in the other guy's deck.
Oh man. Ran him up red is going to infect this meta. I tell you what,
standards not going to be the same after Chain Roller Goblin comes through.
Are we still playing? Yeah, more or less.
What's happening? In the Sumerian times, I appeared as a great
Glorthos. I don't know the real. So, Spence, the gun that I'm holding,
it's just totally out of ammo? Uh, yeah. It seems to be empty.
You can't catch lightning in a gun more than one.
That's, it's just out of ammo? Yeah. I can tell, I can for sure tell that.
Yeah, well, I mean, you could pull a trigger. Okay. And it's empty.
So, it's not like fixable. All right. Well, you don't, I mean, you're not a
wizard, so you don't know how to, like, fix a magic thing.
Let me look at it. How hard can this be?
Okay, I give Gary the gun, and then I charge the guy on the ground with my
elvish blade, and I want to, I want to slice his
head clean off. Okay. He doesn't really try and dodge.
You get him. Oh, yeah. What's your strength, boss?
Uh, it's 18 plus four. Okay. You deal seven damage.
You hit him in the neck. Jesus Christ.
It doesn't go through, but it's real deep and gross. Yeah, describe it to me.
Well, it's, it's not like it goes. Look at your biceps. You need to,
you need to walk that talk back. You're scaring people. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Is the, is the blood shooting everywhere?
Yeah, it like, it went down instead of like sideways through his neck, so it's
just kind of like he's, he's cleft open kind of in his
collarbone area, and he's just spewing. I stop examining the lightning gun and
just take a step back and go,
I mean, I just met you guys, but I mean, you were beating up this
tied up person in my living room like earlier today, and now you're, you're
cutting people's necks. I don't know. I'm just, I, I,
this is all being said with my face, because we're, this is all happening so
fast, but my expression is like,
I mean, I mean, like if you, if you gave me a
glance, you would probably go, he's questioning
the, the, what is going on. You know what I mean?
Yeah. You know, like when you were, you would be in a room,
you know, and then somebody says something and everybody laughs, but you
didn't like it. You were like, yeah. You know, like one of
those, they just kind of like,
yeah, yeah. Uh-huh. You're going through all the stuff
that when you retell the story later, you'll, you'll be like, and I'm like,
yeah, I was like, and I was like, what the fuck is going on here?
I am not, I do not want any part of this, and somebody would say,
you said that? No, I was, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like
yeah. So is my blade still in his neck? Yeah, no, I mean, no, it's part of the
attack that withdraw the blade and stuff. Okay, okay.
Being made out of plant, the blood is, is, is weird to me, right? It's
weird. No, you're a carnivorous plant. If we
water him. But I don't have blood. Feed me. But you eat blood.
Thank you, Steve. What's happening? I got a little drunk.
Little shop of horse. So I'm like going,
is that what I'm doing? Well, I mean, it's your choice, but you're not
unused to blood because you're like, you're like a shark. You know, it's like
for your poop or you're a plant, like you wouldn't you be more into poop?
No, I'm not into poop. What's that fertilizer? Like,
I'm with Carlos on this one. I think you like poop.
Nitrogen and carnivorous plants. Just finish killing this guy, okay?
All right. Look, you're boring the DM.
So what's happened with this guy? What's happening with this guy?
The guy on the ceiling, he's been hissing. He was more of a screaming
hiss. He jumps down onto the ground and
grabs the guy who was holding a flaming sword before he dies, and he
plunges his mouth into his body and starts sucking out his blood, and he
like dries him up, like he sucks him dry like a
husk. And then he just blasts, newly empowered. He
like, he does a shoryuken uppercut and blasts through
the ceiling, shoryuken, while hissing. And then he
like, ninja flips like a crazy vampire out of the building.
What the fuck? This guy, all while hissing.
Yeah.
A lot thickens. We've not got a single answer on what the fuck is going on
anymore. Are we back in the other part with it?
Meanwhile in the shack, it's filling with smoke, and your bark is thicker than
ever. All right, can I turn back into a druid
my regular form? 100%. And I want to pick up that fucking
teleportation whiffleball bat. I want that. It's not there, it's outside.
I walk outside and go get that bat. Okay, you see a bear.
He's eating a corpse.
I walk around just kind of testing things out, like just like, I see like a
like a like the edge of the the doorway, and I tap it with the bat just
testing out the properties of this bat. Nothing happens. Okay.
I go up to the bat, I go up to the bear, I say, love babe, Bernie Mac,
when you're done, I gotta say I really appreciate
what you did. You ate the fuck out of that, dude.
Stand with me. Let's hold hands. Hold, put your paw on my hand, and I'm gonna take
this bat, and I'm gonna tap us both at the same time with this bat.
You're not gonna hit me with that bat.
No, it's a tap. It's a tap. You're not gonna tap me.
It's a little tap. You're not even gonna tap me.
What are you tapping me? I will do it like this. I will do it like that.
I will do it with a whiffleball bat.
And so we hold it, we hold paw and hand, and I do a double tap, and I'm hitting
both of us at the same time. All right, if he can sense to that, sure.
Right, that's cool. Yeah, you could try to dodge it.
Anyway, you do it. You teleport 20 feet up in the air and fall 20 feet.
Your legs hurt, but like you don't take any damage.
All right, that's my bat.
I decide to make amends. Look, I don't know what's going on.
I just tap myself lightly on the head with the bat.
You tell it, you disappear.
Where do I go? All right, you reappear back in the room with
everyone, without the bear. Oh, I wanted the bear.
I hit myself again. All right, you reappear outside 30 feet in the
air and you fall.
No damage? Not yet. Okay.
Like geographically, am I near the bear? Can I see the bear? Is it totally different?
Yeah, when you were airborne, you could see the bear.
I yell, bear any matter, come to the sound of my voice. I haven't quite got the
hang of this Wiffleball bat yet. Fall on me. I'll break your fall, your 30 feet in
the air. That happens.
Do I land on it? I already landed it, right? Yeah, yeah. All right. What do you say we
stop fucking with this Wiffleball bat? So, I mean, you let me finish eating this dude.
Is the bat still smeared with poop? Yep, the whole time. Yeah.
All I want in my cinematic mind's eye is for me to come back to the rest of the
party with a bear and a bat covered in poop
and not give any explanation about what happened.
Well, as it relates to the bat, we didn't have any rabbits to wipe our ass with.
I'm putting all these jokes in a book for your grandpa.
You don't come out to hunt, do you? It's another bear joke.
Yay. All right. So, are we back with the group now?
Well, you didn't do anything. I'm trying to walk with the bear back.
Oh, yeah. No, you walk back. Okay, you walk back in, you wander back in, and
yeah, there's a guy screaming and bleeding. It's great.
Chad's back. Look at the fur on this guy. It's so smooth.
It's so soft. Jesus. I'm sorry.
Beautiful. What the fuck is going on?
This is crazy. Where'd you go? I went around.
I get everybody. Everybody. Let's huddle up. Get in the circle.
All right. Well, there's one more enemy left, I think. Oh, there is?
Yeah. What's in there? Yeah, but he's screaming and bleeding and unarmed.
We should probably take him prisoner, interrogate him.
We've been good at that. Why don't we have him dig his own grave and just...
Cliff Hanger!
Thank you all.
Thank you all for coming down to our first show at the Doomsday Telegraph,
where this fucking place is called. Can we get up for our guest, Rob Schrab?
Brandon Johnson. Steve Levy.
Also, Church, Usang, Zach, Brian here on Tech, Chris, Sarah, Vanessa, who I met earlier.
What a wonderful theater. Thank you so much, all of you, for being our first
guest down at the new place.
Drive fast and take chances. We love you all.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.